[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're going
to do another podcast and today we're
talking about Kingsman the Secret
Service a film from 2014 and first we're
going to introduce the panel and then do
a quick little update and then we'll
jump right back into the movie so first
and foremost I've been the host of movie
spoiler alerts and you're just going to
go around the table start with you sure
hi I'm Zack I'm Ben's cousin and just to
clarify is a king's men or Kings man
I think it's Eggman right I think it's
men but a stealth a man I think it's a
British thing okay so for clarifying
okay I'm back in it thanks for having me
I'm Alex co-host Euler
I'm Dylan so I know it's been almost a
year since I've done a podcast I
graduated college after being in college
for seven years and I moved to a new
place so that's why this looks a lot
different than my old gross bedroom and
I got my you know Big Boy job now and
now I'm living with my co-host as well
as our two dogs who may make their
appearance on this podcast barking in
the background and we're trying a new
format for doing the podcast so
hopefully this works well I probably
still will be doing some via Skype
conversations with Jeremiah and Mark for
those of you that enjoy those as well as
I'm going to try to start doing a few
more me with the camera in an
appropriate manner
um just doing some quick conversations
about I thought that was a funny joke um
doing just some quick discussions that
really don't need to get a big panel
going so we just finished watching
Kingsman so we're going to go over the
plot and you know we'll go through the
plot and as you guys feel fit if you
want to comment
or point out something that you notice
feel free to jump in and then we'll
start breaking down the film as a whole
so the film opens in the Middle East in
1997 where we see a group of secret
agents holding some guy in there
interrogating him and we see that an
agent ends up sacrificing himself ends
up dying and so a agent who's also heard
the same squad named Harry Hart he's
also known as Galla hand all the agents
are code named after the knights of the
round table
Dillon point out I didn't notice that I
find it ironic first and foremost that
we are sitting at a square table yeah
Mel right so big round tables yeah so
it's nothing alike it's not even at all
so anyway so the so we see this agent
who was with this guy who sacrificed
himself by literally jumping on top of
her her name he goes to the widowed wife
and gives her this medal that
essentially it has a phone number on the
back that they say hey if you call this
phone number we'll make sure we help you
at a time to me and she's pretty
distraught so she just kind of brushes
it off and they end up giving it to the
son maybe like two or three at the time
and his name is Gary but he throughout
the film goes by Eggman which I think we
all have comments on that name but we'll
talk about that in bed so the film
transitions is 17 years later and now
we're in some mountain mountain ridge
some cabin and apparently some professor
has been kidnapped
here's Argentina with every one of their
in some mountain range in arguments okay
think that was right cool so there it so
there this professors been kidnapped and
he's been at the time when it starts you
don't know who kidnapped him
and one of these other secret agents
appears and the secret agent dispatches
all of the guards who are guarding this
professor who's been kidnapped until
this one girl comes out and who's her
name is gives up
right yeah okay so she gazelle is you
know or you know with any henchman of a
villain in these types of films they
always have to have some stick stick
there we go that's the word man and her
stick is she doesn't have anything below
her leg she is she's got a prosthetics
that are essentially like swords and she
ends up killing the secret agent by
literally cutting him in half with an
axe kick for you medical junkies out
there exactly transit tibial amputations
bilaterally
there you go on that that's the physical
therapist you know just one month put my
tears I shine again so then the
essentially what it is is just the spite
the whole point of the scene is that the
spy agency discovered that this guy has
been kidnapped however when they go to
investigating investigate is kidnapping
he's back at college and he's working so
they're really confused because they
send a secret agent to save this guy but
then the next day he's back where he
should be and so they're very confused
by this whole thing and it all seems to
be related to this billionaire named
Valentine Moises Valentine was black
Nunez the only they ever heard him
played by Samuel Jackson and for some
reason this billionaire seems to be
finding all these influential rich
people and trying to get them to come to
his side or not certain why and so the
film then transitions back to now we're
with the son eggsy his dad had died and
now he is kind of a ruffian his hood
wound or whatever the british turn and
you know his mom is dating a pretty
abusive guy and he's in a pretty bad
situation so now the he's trying he
doesn't know really quite what to do the
end up getting arrested and while he's
arrested he's facing possibly you know
two three years in jail he ends up using
the metal that he was given 17 years ago
to call this phone number and instantly
he's released from jail and that's when
eggsy meets
again now 17 years later into a
convoluted process
Harry ends up getting eggsy to try out
to be part of the secret agency and
that's when he introduces them to what
the secret agency is which is called the
Kaizen and apparently it was a group of
tailors that were very rich and instead
of just holding on to their money and
doing nothing with it they decided to
form this independent secret agency that
can do secret agent type stuff they
don't really go to in depth what their
exact goal their mission statement is
but they just want to help the world
so eggsy starts essentially the
application process which is him going
through you know training he's competing
against other applicants and you know
one by one other people are eliminated
you know everybody comes from a better
background and they're educated and
they're more handsome and they're more
strong but because eggsy's the rough
tough poor kid you know fights his way
through and eventually it gets towards
the end of the film or towards the end
of the application process and that's
now down to two people one is a girl
named Roxy and the other one is a eggsy
and so the film kind of pauses there and
while they're doing this whole you know
training montage if you will with eggsy
they're showing what's going on with
Valentine and essentially what it's
revealed that Valentine is recruiting
all of these people to join his cause
and essentially what if you find out his
cause is that he believes that the human
race is a virus and that the earth is
the house so essentially humans have
infected the earth and the earth is
causing global warming in order to try
to kill all of the human race and so
what Valentine believes is that if we
eliminate a large portion of the human
population
we'll stop harming the earth and by stop
harming Dorothy Earth will stop trying
to eliminate them so from Valentine's
perspective he thinks he's saving the
human race to everyone else
it seems like he's trying to destroy the
human race because what Valentine's
whole process is he has found some
neurological wave and essentially what
it is it's like an audio file that's
played off of your cell phone which a
little ridiculous but essentially when
people hear it they go apeshit and they
just try to murder each other and there
that's all comes to a head in a scene
where while Harry the agent you know who
found eggsy and the omentum is kid madam
is adult Harry goes to a like a hate
church in and talk to me when he's like
Westboro like I hate everybody every day
in blah blah blah and he's inside this
church and this neurological code is
released and the way that Valentine
releases it is ease released something
that essentially allows him to have
access to everyone's phones through a
free sim card he gave out so he ends up
releasing this code in releasing this
neurological signal and everyone in the
churches was crazy and murders everybody
which I guess we should pause there
because what you guys think of that
single including Harry right yeah
including Harry so everybody in the
church is killing each other including
Harry who is a trained assassin so you
know mayhem takes place so what did you
guys think of that thing well I think
like it really you didn't really know at
first that Harry was affected he thought
that it was just the people who had the
phones you know that's kind of what I
gathered from it it seemed like you
wanted him to just be defending himself
with any kept calling and yelling going
and going so they kind of became
apparent that those signals from those
phones were a lot stronger then you have
thought see in the I don't I've seen
this film twice I believe Zach it's your
first time and doing second time second
time in Alex okay the point that you
someone have planted out was very
comparable to John Wes or just like yeah
everyone's being brutally brutally
murdered I've really worried for the old
very good scenes yeah
probably in my
infesting from the movie and I thought
about this movie even before we seen it
once before I seen it the second time
was the first thing I thought of my
father movie again was or yeah things
that church scene in it like there's a
very that's the first thing that that I
thought of when I thought was gonna be
again so and I thought that it was was
obviously lost his mind because the
first thing he did was he shot the lady
in head exactly before they made a point
right now his umbrella was I'm stumped
like they should be zoomed in on him
well I was on stuff he showed me the
other guy in the head with the with the
stun umbrella yeah now he just shoots
this random lady and head to well before
he was violent but not enough to kill
someone
yeah and that was there was something
that because at this up to this point in
the movie you did totally know with this
neurological code was going to do you
did something and they had mentioned
something about aggression in the
background but that was the thing with
it was until it the thing is is he's
trying to leave the church and
essentially they're in the middle of the
sermon this big hate sermon and he makes
a comment to a woman that he's trying to
leave who won't let her leave and she
tries to stop him and this whole scene
breaks out when he I mean she's like
yelling at him but he's you know not
being violent he turns around pulled out
a gun and just blows her away and that's
when the whole scene right breaks out so
that's why he's me it was a for me
when I thought the first time it shocked
me because I was like wait what
because I could understand I was like
wow that was a big overreaction but then
when I realized everybody was joining me
I was like well it would started
standing up when he was turned into
general well if you saw like if you you
know when they were doing some of the
briefings in the community in office
they talked about different in certain
games so they kind of led into this idea
it seemed like there was something being
tested on these more socially outcast in
groups of people who are kind of frowned
upon in society and in our case it's
kind of those extremists Church kind of
societies that preach all these hate and
whatnot so it almost was tested on what
they would deem to be a very disposable
group of people I'm quoting that because
I don't
that but you know it's just uh you know
it kind of came to a head once they the
villain picked a group that she really
didn't like and care about exactly you
know mm-hmm the first ones ago you he
got that's a good test group yeah yeah
that's just a crab bill anyway I mean he
he was a very self-righteous villain in
the sense that he found morality in what
he was doing he didn't recognize he
found that he was doing stuff in a very
like confit anism way like he was doing
it for the greater good and that was
that his ends justified his mean as
opposed to thinking that you know he
wasn't doing it just because he need
well he is evil but his his morality is
warped in the sense that he believed
what he was doing was necessary could a
he's eliminating a group of people that
in his view at the very least was not a
group of the society in any way and you
know by making sure yeah this thing
works now he can you know use it on a
larger scale and it justifies what he's
doing because he thinks he's actually
helping a human race him yes so you know
it's funny because you got you know he
had his coercive it basically took Mike
Tyson's you know list and put it into
this character yes he gave him just the
most obnoxious hat pop okay no I ever
understood that I thought Mike Tyson
list but there was nothing he does
sometimes he hadn't sometimes he did it
yeah I gotta do you think I just felt
like I was watching a music video every
time I saw him in a scene I what I feel
like it is there to make him quirky
somewhat yeah all the anime found us I
don't know oil factory produce this film
I can see allude to it early on about
him that he has an aversion to blood
anyways yeah no yeah very first scene
when that that then spy gets gazelle
oath of yeah / gazelle
she's starting I'm naughty cover exactly
I don't want say I want to see it so
they try to mitigate is just sense of
ruthlessness I mean the one thing I
wonder and there is a lot of this in the
film hidden in there so what I wonder is
because though this is through Fox it is
was made by Mar which are all making
jokes about the production title but
Marv is actually a British company so
I'm wondering if it's a joke
on such as James Bond or James Bond I
believe is made by MGM which is an
American suit wall so we always you know
it was a lot of our spy films we always
make the battle Camus originated is
dictated very posh British accent hmm so
I wonder if it's almost because there's
a lot of it whether it's completely
intentional or not there's a lot of
jokes in the movie that seem to be
almost just slightly like Americans are
stupid
yeah our Americans are is all of them
and so what I'm wondering is if the list
is almost like an attack at how we
always give them a British accent
they're going to use an American and
they're going to give them a list to
make him a little bit more eccentric
just like we sure try to make it that
more eccentric by always making them
British with this big fancies you know
I'm smarter than you access a little
Donnie like oh sorry go for it they
directly mentioned James Bond
yeah so let's it's right away we think
of his British accent going yeah the top
hat and even as at at one point same
thing you know and he he he says to
Giselle later on he says he says no
they're not I can't I can't handle blood
so then I'm not the one to kill them
yeah they kill each other yeah we echo
it's like the whole I didn't pull the
trigger
yeah and I didn't make you know and it's
funny because you know having been to
the UK you know we always through the
same accent over there's people like we
have like one kind of guilt to accent
there's of Americans is always a
southern accent yeah I'm from America
like they just like that's it's just
funny so maybe that's kind of portrayed
in the movie and I guess I guess another
element to build on that is like because
now not to delve in that this whole
Derby is intended to just make fun of
Americans but another thing is
there's a scene where Harry when Harry's
before this church scene while Harry's
investigating what Valentine is actually
doing he goes to his house and they have
a personal dinner together and this big
silver tray comes out and you're
expecting it to be like at first because
it's surf and turf library watching the
movie I don't even remember what it was
so I was expecting it to be like
someone's head and Muse like I got you
oh but but then you're like okay well
maybe it's some really fancy dinner but
then it's revealed it's McDonald's and
so once again it could be a slight
saying like oh two Americans McDonald's
is a fancy maybe that's reading too much
into it but I'm just noticing more and
more the jokes about American but we're
in the film there's a couple at the end
that I'll touch they picked up on as
well they I think are just the kind of
mocks like the the American stereotype
which again I think they did it in a
subtle way
I don't know point did I feel offended
or anything like that it was just if now
that you bring it up it is kind of funny
that there are some lights again there's
I guess there's more than I thought
about so enter so I back to so
specifically the church scene I really
like the fight choreography on that
scene like Alex was saying and it just
was very well done seeing it probably
was the highlight of the film I mean if
you're not going to actually watch a
movie if you're just going to do this
summary at the very least try to find
that scene that yeah I mean it was very
well done I wasn't I wish was shot
slightly different because I didn't like
the changes in speed that they were
doing with the tiny but you didn't like
that just how they did it
it wasn't my I thought that's kind of
cool but I think you guys did like it
yeah it almost feel like there was like
a GoPro on them they've been kind of
what I like I felt like it was almost
like it was like first-person
perspective like zoomed in zoomed out
kind of you never really got used to the
pacing of the fighting so it kind of
just had you on edge which I think for
me had a pretty solid effect rather than
just having it from this like zoomed out
perspective just watching everyone brawl
it was really like in-your-face and one
just gunfire either I mean they're
taking posts from the Pew
beating the snot out of each other so
Alex did you pick up anything specific
matter
I like the technology though yeah I like
the clothes hand-to-hand combat that
Island every I like that others a thing
that hours refer to in daredevil that
summer the scene that I that mean you
really like the show and it's a closed
unit hand combat in a tight hallway
forward and uh there's a that can't even
remember a position I think it's the
burst of the second because every single
person you said talks about that show
says watch that yes fantastic scene and
that's delicious for me handing at close
Hanahan cava is where really liked it so
they definitely captured that yes I know
that whoa they got that
the the element I appreciated the most
was though the speed just I wasn't crazy
about but what I liked was what I liked
about good flight choreography like I've
been watching a lot of into the Badlands
which personally I don't think the
stories that great but the fight
choreography spawn point and it's the
same reason that this was good and it's
the same reason I thought the daredevil
soon as good as when you see a character
come into the shot I don't feel like
they've been just like this and exactly
like a video game
why all right know what every single
time an hour yeah every single time a
character came in you felt like they
were already fighting somebody off
camera like they were taking a knife
like this and now they're in the shot
and like the guy like puts his hands
like the guy who we care about who
always sees his head and this nice now
on the shot he's like finishing the move
and like it just it felt like there were
actually small fights going on behind
them as opposed to them just going to
like a Where's Waldo I mean we they're
just so yes going on at one so it's like
for a good portion if I was actually
trying to watch people behind them just
to see and then I could see them
actually later on coming into the frame
actually into the fight which that's
what I really appreciate I did find it
funny just physics behind it I mean sure
its choreography so what can you do but
like it seemed like people were flying
just a little too alright
like people it look like they were being
course pushed yeah you know all like
they're like
flying at least like a dozen feet on a
couple occasions I'm like I just don't
know if the body can move that there's
no there is a little bit of the commune
about my mom like you know like so
there's a little bit of that goal and
again it answered like this was going to
church like you can kind of forget that
at one point Lee and when what these are
laws or exactly like you just being
full-on slaughtering in a church and
just like oh gosh this is so brutal you
know and then it's just all just the
choreography really really good many
other thoughts on that team just because
I was kind of a pentacle bit up its
Joanie well they seem to have a lot of
nice that church here a lot of knives
without a gun which which I like I said
while we were watching it but one thing
I did when it was in Kentucky which I
guess I don't know what Kentucky's gone
and concealed weapon balls on not
everybody necessarily but here in a hate
church but they may have been a little
more Pro conceal carrying of at least
knives because if he I heard there was a
ton of not just nice not just hunting
nice like Jesus these are like K bar
like I thought it's all I really I
thought I saw one big one with this
friggin machete my Iraq yeah there was
like seven demographic I mean I guess
the church was all wood and maybe it
just had really shitty like fire safety
Sanders so they're like you know what to
appease the fire marshal going to have
95 fire axes around just in case they
they kept to you know like the classic
cinnamon effect to or the the main
villain I think in this case was the
preacher you know you seen him fall with
my fake in his head and there's always
falls further okay it really that was
him no yeah here's one preaching it when
you are like oh you know nice little
mosh
yeah so it was the Kingsmen against the
preacher yeah awesome
[Music]
so with this whole scene while this is
all going on the king's men all all them
were glasses apparently all of them like
as soon as they become king soon to get
punched
really hard in the eye and now they all
have 2040 visions yeah now they got to
start wearing glasses
yeah but the had like a but advertising
like it was visible less it's gotta it's
got the you know like the Google glass
type thing and so essentially while this
is all occurring we see eggsy is
watching this whole fight and at the
same time so is arthur who is the leader
of the kings and young gazelle and and
oh yeah and Merlin was watching him too
in Vail I mean and yeah and Valentine
and multi-storey not question but he
wasn't watching it through the glass
because he hated my correct they were
just watching the fiber Lamar yeah so
while it so they were all watching this
fight so now that the whole Kingsman
organization knows what Valentine's
plans like everybody understands like
okay it's going to release this thing
he's going to murder everybody and we
just watched Harry participate in this
slaughter fest and essentially Harry
comes out sort of the winner of the fall
and he's shamming there as everyone is
dead and now like the the neurological
thing is stopped and he just realizes
like he's in a sea of dead bottoms
ya know 60 people in that church at
least yeah so the so from this point he
walks outside and now he's greeted by
Valentine gazelle as well as two random
henchmen that have no purpose or line
and they talked exchanged some silly
words and eventually Harry shoots them
in the face herb sorry rather Valentine
shoots Harry in the face as they're
saying the line it's not that kind of
movie
that's women in those who point out on
the plot that is not that right that
it's not exactly a June for the secret
spy movies but I just thought that was
what you were not expecting Harry
desired oh yeah and that that lines are
really after seeing that church being
you're like wow Harry's really cool like
he just killed a bunch people that was
that it's like probably so cool no it
was cool like he's a cool character then
he gets blown in the face whoa
is the whole thing yeah exactly
basically generally he's like this is
where you say something I say something
I tell you
lots of kill everybody my secret plan
you make some great escape I get all
upset it's not that kind of movie room
yeah you know exactly it kind of defied
that convention of spy movies which is
good it kind of added to that uncomfort
is is that that yes and I think that
just helped sell it you know okay so
from there that's kind of where the film
starts to take a new direction because
at this point there was still there's
sort of two candidates for the there's
this open slot because we saw that
character die in the you know the
mountain run range yeah the mountain
range where we saw he was trying to save
the professor so there was this open
slot all these different candidates were
you know knocked out now it's down to
two and it looked like eggsy lost
because eggsy was going to be forced to
shoot a dog that he had a train with and
he didn't want to do it he's like no I'm
not going to shoot this dog that I love
and care about and so which is a pug by
the way oh yeah he had to pick and so
the other the other candidate uh her
name is Roxy look at yes yes so Roxy
ends up getting the new spa um so it
like and then she's a trans lot yeah and
she's called Lancelot with her new role
and so now but after this whole big seat
hat with Harry essentially eggsy comes
into the role and sorry eggsy then goes
to Arthur to kind of confront him about
the whole situation like hey like what
the hell just happened with Harry and
while he's having conversation with him
he notices a scar behind his ear and the
scar is significant because we firmed we
found out during all this investigation
that everybody who started drunk we're
too much other stuff Oh
notice what that was empty yeah that was
full minutes ago anymore um I'm talking
too much so for this implant like a
little scar behind it here every single
person that Valentine recruits gets its
end point
place in them and how Valentine's sells
the employment is that it will protect
you from the grounds the waves
controlling you and making you going to
this violent range which it does but
what it also does is it has essentially
a bomb implanted in it that all just in
case you know if he needs to he can kill
you if you're trying to reveal the
secret of what you know about his master
plan he can blow up your head at any
time it's not like a listening device
built into it and blah blah blah
so while eggsy is with arthur the leader
of the Kingsmen he notices that eggsy
has this scar virus here and essentially
what we found out if pretty much every
world leader is on board with Balam it's
an older scar than everyone else's - oh
I know yeah there was a notice who is an
old scar the other ones were thick and
red not almost faded I don't know
because I do see a scene at one point
around one of the world leaders yeah and
a laser treat the scar to try to make it
more cosmetic maybe like hide it yeah so
that kind of cools you in a little bit
to that yeah and then so while they're
having this exchange you know eggsy
realizes like oh he's actually miss
Valentine and so essentially eggsy is
able to distract him and he is able to
get Arthur to poison himself and you
know because Arthur was trying to poison
eggsy exit distracts him and he has a
really good lass around like yeah in
person a group who is the long enough
but also in the ones of the Princess
Bride
yeah oh yeah that whole I can't say I've
actually seen that movie in full but I
know I know
I know it's worth it just pure Laker the
cultural reference if they don't like
understand from other things
sure so after this you know they end up
Arthur ends of Dimes essentially now
apparently even though you see like 95
agents in like the Kingsmen warehouses
giant normals but apparently there's
only three people left which they don't
explain why so there's I thought that
was groovy but anyway there's three
people left we've got Merlin
Merlin was this guy who was essentially
training all of the potential candidates
he's a he's going like the operations
man yeah like he monitors everyone all
doing stuff yeah and then we have Roxy
who was the one who actually won out of
all the applicants and that we have
eggsy we just essentially the gross
stuff too
so it's these three and now they are
like okay we know what Valentine's
master plan is we know well I think the
reason why that none of the other opera
you know operatives were there because
they weren't sure if they were in line
or not hmm
major point they made that very gentle
Merlyn said you know we don't really
know if we can trust anyone else oh yeah
why if he said I don't know too good and
he sat down with me said I need to know
if you're okay with this he said no so
he could have done that with everyone
we got it was an old scarf so he had
time to do this ya know
look he didn't long the first ones in on
it okay I did actually look up the other
names so the other nights if anyone ever
curious okay I have to read them but
well I mean anymore how many were there
there were I think in the 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 ones no 50 so 12 nicely round
table and then King Arthur okay um so
they obviously went with the most
recognizable names but there's other
ones like Gawain gear van Percival
Garrity Janie Merlin so oh you know I
know you from playing comprehend see
seven okay so when I say that most
people don't know the names I'm just
speaking for myself and think I don't
know the same for the other night around
okay no it's cool so going on
I just no I just thought that was funny
like they just never made reference to
any of the other yeah I'm just kind of a
prototypical popular one set you know
but they were all men until this one
Roxie character come yeah but she's just
was called playing for which is why I
took issue with the name Kings man
yeah and wrote on my first I wrote my
note was King's way man
so I kind of fish the rock through the
first king whamon King woman women men
so we've now got it down to the final
three kings minutes Merle and Roxy and
eggs be
can we just you just I can I see your
shadow yeah okay say a movie
it's an XP okay thank you see egg
Vietnam ah yeah exactly
I just the whole didn't calm Gary we
share his job within India I just say
that maybe they made a point out of it
because the other applicants while he
was trying out we would they
mispronounce his name on purpose to
disrespect them right did the guy's name
with Digby he made a point of saying hi
Digby you know like on purpose I'm still
respecting you yeah sort of thing just
to show you the contract something like
two syllable whining Digby
Roxie eggsy let's go point I don't know
enough self British culture to know if
that's like what - well oh I didn't
anyone say they don't like it means
nothing it's just a thing I did not
anyone named any of those how do you
have the name eggsy at the age of two
where did this name come from
like your dad saw it like collect eggs
so he called you eggsy and then your dad
died when you were two and then everyone
called you eggsy forever that's stupid
well he had to you know had something to
do with that you know because his name
is Gary yeah yes yeah wag of the finger
to the people who made the movie and
picked the names they could have done
better
I didn't I think they didn't on purpose
just to be like he has a goofy name but
he's really cool yeah sure just to bring
him down a little bit I don't know
that's from the actual comments though
it could be from the comments oh good
naki on the writer movie got it
FairPoint the creator of the comic this
was a graphic novel before correct
I know yeah yeah yeah well I don't know
- whoever first coined that name eggsy i
was the last time because it's a
terrible name alright I just got to say
this there is a where this movie first
premiere was at a sail marathon called
but Mela thawne's
you know that's not really I just
thought that that was really funny that
just popped up No Lord of the Rings
would be a button on the time because it
for so long what would be numb Germany a
length of the move I'm guessing it's
America has in there several films also
it's actually funny
Oh actually I was like there's nothing
actually aim but namitha know it is name
what nama thumbs but it's just anyway
okay so we'll get Susie forget to the
goofiness to the characters like one of
the first things ornament Ariane eggsy
but now we're down to the final three
people essentially what they call up
with this plan Roxy's going to go knock
out one of the satellites to slightly
increase the time that they have before
this death and in a nice gesture angle
assessed emilee's yeah like there's like
at least twenty more thing yeah it's
something like each because there's the
shadowing on he's using to get the
signal signal down but essentially
they're using the first satellite that's
in the chain the closest one yeah so to
make sure that at least the start of the
chain doesn't you know the chain doesn't
start it evently yeah so they're able to
at least for a moment's delay open while
Merlin and Eddie's big man Eggman volume
Eggers and do what every time say if I
say egg with it you know I'm talking
about it so anyway Eggar
lambs in there with Merlin on this
secret mountain base which apparently
they really like secret mombi's I do
like that they were kind of like doing a
very like you know this is a super James
bond-esque
you know he didn't mountain base no they
built a playing tarmac inside the
mountain that you know apparently is
long enough for the plane to land exam I
along you know so they so he lands in
the space where Valentine and all his
like VIPs that aren't you know they're
gonna survive the worldwide Holocaust
are and end about 100 guards you know II
insist the pan about a hundred yards I'm
sure some maintenance people who all
were considered VIPs - there was
something wave and downs I got pain I
just wanted somebody was like they were
actually worth like 10 million dollars
but everybody else is a billionaire so
they do have enough money to get in but
like yeah you're
ethically all those guards are like
presidents yeah but a really small
nameplate to come out to you yeah
pres on Madagascar come on aboard here
is it John so he ends up going into the
base
you know Valentine's starts his murder
machine and you know you start seeing
these images of people all around in the
world you know killing each other and
for a moment
eggsy is able to stop him for a brief
period of time and you know they kind of
just kind of do this convoluted series
like it does doesn't stop it doesn't
stop them and while they're all fighting
eggsy gets cornered and there's like
guards all around him and then eggsy has
the idea to you know trigger the implant
now everybody has the implants so he's
like hey anyone there Yuri you can Olin
gets into the computer system because
you know super hacker guy and apparently
just like on you guys even though you
can hack in anything so look how cool
they're like I don't like that it's like
the cat that types on the computer gun
so essentially he gets into the system
and they trigger all of the implants on
everybody so what it is is it's it I
want to say is I know the name of the
song not about it I can message that
you're thinking of oh you're think of V
for Vendetta when I blow up Parliament
because thing effects happened it's
literally big colorful firework
explosions of people shat on its roof so
obnoxiously oh yeah they literally show
not only just the people you know the
guards not only the people the VIPs who
are in the base but also there's out
many other VIPs throughout the world in
their implant so there were in
boardrooms who are in panic rooms you
know like the White House you even
president yeah you get a see the
president you see who you have to assume
is Barack Obama you head explode but
it's not in a big bloody nail it's in a
very colorful firework every color my
different yeah it's your shoes on I'll
come in and pop so it's like I always I
always thought of it as like when you're
when you're on
I think the legendary mode I'm hallo and
you can alter ate one of the settings
for when you get with headshots and on
the aliens and just here yeah hey look
at it handsome in the face it's just
it's just a puppet you feel like you're
at the color on that FL 2014 skull dress
the grunt part exactly remember exactly
how to get the ground party school
there's literally no blood except on one
of the big world leaders that you see
later yeah but yeah if it looks like his
face got my three eyes like oh yeah
bulges head but there is another
American jab because you see you see
Eggman expert whatever is in it yeah you
see him walking down and you see a
fallen guy with a Yankee shirt on I
don't want that yeah you have a Yankee
shirt on so I was like oh they're just
kidding every damn job in here
so as the is you know so everybody's
head explodes essentially there's no one
left in this entire base now except for
you know the people don't have there are
the implants which at first you know
Eggman thinks that it's just him and
Merlin but it turns out that actually
Valentine and gazelle exporting hard L I
don't have the implants it can make
sense that he would have put you know a
fail-safe thing in his own head because
neither one is go ahead and so they all
start fighting and you know it's a big
warm drawn-out fight essentially they
both get killed
party yeah they play dance music to it
yes pretty cool they did it's just a
sidebar to they did a really great job
in timing the music with the VI fighting
say that again they made it very late I
have a very cloud yes I want to talk
about the soundtrack injure but that
they kids very well um so what
essentially Valentine
gazelle get killed and there's a little
we watched the uncensored version and
there is a little scene at the end of a
romantic trysts with some princess
Swedish princess I got a rather graphic
and at that point the film kind of ends
with the assumption that you know
everybody around the world stop killing
each other and no as obvious a lot of
people were killed like my guess would
be
you know if you were just to imagine
that for a minute everyone in the world
just wanted to kill each other but not
like wanted to like tried to kill each
other I would get at least 120 the world
population will die
sure like at like think so it was not so
good I'm sorry five happened right now
all three you guys are on break I said
all right the first thing I'm doing is
I'm taking a class and smash in here I
don't have a Snapple a on this table
yeah all right so the nesters my
meetings like and I said this before and
one of my other reviews for what was
that x-men days of no that kind of
pocalypse was there's just a lot of
movies where it's like yeah everyone's
happy
no a lot of people died let's let mourn
for a moment at least like mention I
really did
it sucks everyone died dude yeah I
didn't think about that
we should dad like you know the sugar my
chili bean and there's like 20 guys
outside the room good no name on top I
didn't think about that yeah yeah go at
least they showed the mom with the
toddler they did because you know exact
Macola not a disaster scene and it
showed that the wall the door all torn
apart from Hurricane Rita from yeah The
Shining deck yeah here's Oh Johnny so if
I would do that there's still some
aftermath - no - really quickly explain
the scene what it was is Roxy had
contacted eggsy's mom and just quickly
like told her like get as far away from
your child or in the back and so look
Wilder you're showing me see the chaos
you're seeing the mom trying to get your
child so she can essentially kill her
child the one thing is that all that
scene made me think of is how many other
moms were where's Bobby the elder could
so definitely this movie ends with like
a funny joke like ha we're going to have
anal sex with his prints up but I know
like a lot of moms killed their kids and
a lot of husbands killed their wives and
a lot of pilots crash planes directly
into the ground
well done a question like if you're
sleeping and they're like wake you up in
your face - like I wouldn't look so bad
it looked like because he said it would
we just play is that we really expect
like the other people died good point
this reminds me of Dan Brown the book
inferno sorry this will be a book
spoiler away you know movie up YouTube
channel to come yes um but the major
premise of that movie is there you know
Robert Langdon the character the book
comes to find out that this guy is
trying to eradicate a large number of
people the world in this kind of math
calling in the same kind of way like by
releasing a like a virus that'll affect
only a certain but a large number of
people so it kind of like it had the
same like noble like let's kill a lot of
people but it's for the greater good by
cleansing here then there's a James Bond
movie just like this one I forgot what's
called but there's this super villain
who takes a bunch of you know hot girls
up into a sad light and has planned an
iteration Tori everyone on the planet
it's gotta be Moonraker because let's
say everyone that I know that I don't
I barely remember that was the best guy
barely remember it though yeah actually
I do remember that that is Moonraker I
didn't think about how much what moon
raise is just like it and now we have
the addition of OB my my male it's the
smallest dog
we will probably calm down and if not we
might have to take a brief intermission
which is copy okay because I'll mean to
drink something so we'll wrap up the
movie will probably take a quick break
and then we'll we'll jump right back
into it so um so to wrap up the film
though we see the you know as a post
credit scene and essentially now Edgar
has returned and now he's got his you
know make egg costume on you know you
know you've got the you know the little
kinder egg logo and stuff and what yeah
so he Delano ultra he showed up in his
fancy suit you know all he's the king
many felt fancy under Bill I wondered
here's a pocket watch anyway so then he
his mom is at the bar with her abusive
boyfriend essentially just beats the
out of everyone at the bar using
the same line that Harry a huge why
didn't I know because it cuts off right
after he should sort last across the
room and then they all look so scared
they like thought they just yeah I'm
pretty sure yeah giving a little time
laughter yeah some yeah anything in the
same way that Harry do but essentially
what it is you know taking mom cottony
where's my boyfriend you know then we'll
get the nice I'm wrapped up things so
you're supposed to feel happy exactly
you know once again mom's killing their
babies but so that was a summary of
Kingsman the Secret Service we're going
to take a five-second break it doesn't
seem like for you guys and refill our
drinks and then we'll start talking
about you know what we thought as a
movie as a whole okay okay okay serious
all right
so we're coming back we've had some good
discussion possible ideas for future
podcasts and I think that actually
pretty funny we'll talk about them later
but there's some good ones so anyway so
we've talked about the summary of the
film we went through it relatively
in-depth but you know it's shorter than
the movie so what did you guys think of
them so we'll kind of go one by one it
will serve as that because act this is
the first time you've seen in the room
so having nothing going in you know did
you I guess what did you know about the
Sun before you went in and what do you
think as it went on and how did you end
up yeah so you know I might say I'd like
to think you know within my own family
and friends I'm pretty big in the movies
but I hadn't seen it before you know a
couple close family friends of mine said
this is one of the best movies you'll
see kind of an open-ended blank
statement I mean I didn't find the plot
to be overly complex whose very
contained plot it was a good plot the
choreography of cinematography I thought
was really great like I said earlier the
the variation in camera speed and zoom
angle time making it feel like it was um
like a GoPro kind of style shot I
thought was kind of cool kind of made it
feel more contextualize a on a scale of
one to plan we'll wait on that oh we
made it a yeah la we give
at the end oh I'm breaking rules here
guys be my first time okay yes my movie
idea and will appear clean because
because all of you guys is your first
time here Alex knows what's going on she
came and helped me that she listens to
the previous podcast
you can't give a reading um we'll
explain it will explain how the rating
system works and then you can give away
so I thought it was overall really good
I really enjoyed it you know it had a
very John wick feel but kind of in a
more British twist um you know there was
actually some good dialogue John wick I
don't remember them really saying
anything it's Keanu Reeves no like you
killed my dog you know that's the only
line in the whole I don't you don't need
another word ss1 done the spoiler or the
movie the one for sure which will
explain more or little later some inside
jokes here but no it was it was really
good I really I really enjoyed it I got
a couple things to say about the
character development themselves but I
think you know as a whole I definitely
would recommend it for anyone over
seventeen but yeah we did watch the
Unrated yeah okay hi so over 21 so over
seventeen probably not I mean unrated
you know who knows I mean like Elmo's
big adventures probably underrated wait
okay yes okay yes so good or who wants
to go nak oven it okay so dim yeah I
thought it was awesome because you know
he's it it's it was something because
it's just like Samuel Jackson describes
in the scene where he's across the table
understood McDonald he says the new
movies are so serious but I like the
good old-fashioned Bond movies you know
I'm a stickler for it and this really
really like fulfills that role
definitely with the puffy head explosion
yeah and the gratuitous shots you know
them punching the guy you cross through
Ricky
Captain America's training you know
that's awesome
I love that movie so I guess and there's
a lot of action scenes and when I first
saw the movie that's the first time I
was not expecting anything I was like
this will be an opportunity
my dad picks out no sometimes they're
bad movies no this was an awesome movie
and it surprised the economy so watching
it a second time
do you feel the same do you feel more in
one direction or less than one direction
about the movie I feel the same okay the
same it's awesome it's a little bit
because it doesn't have that surprise
home and of course which was a lot of
blood movie but it was really good
some would say it was egg Zealand
excellent alright so Alex I guess we're
going on like that like a spot like
definitely in the genre five films and I
guess I'm not like a big fan of that
genre so for me it was long been honor
and I'm just finally seeing them so
because they're like not relatable or
just kind of unrealistic or not yeah
maybe just not realistic for me and I
guess might lean more towards like I
guess I mean away from like a non
realistic for me I love the individual
scenes in the movie I love the action
scene I love like we're Dylan said about
like the head exploding ceiling okay
come on how do you not love that human
it's such a good scene but like the plot
just does it like yeah like it's just
not like a realistic thing for me again
I don't know you can't imagine like an
overworld like you know reflection seems
like a really difficult yeah like it's
to like make sure you like the element
that he was able to get every single
government we're to be super okay with
it we're locked of all just that easy or
not like it's not like those really
great like rom-coms you know didn't have
a depth of like definitely maybe yeah
you know remind you 27 dresses the
greatest film of all time yeah I don't
like those movies either so I was taken
already
wow those honors
like either sake huh I have a coupon I
don't even know exactly no I know that
exactly bug like I don't know thank you
I watched 101 I don't know already girl
I don't know I can't even tell you you
probably have watched it more than I
have pro video so so yeah so for me it's
not an imagined so I guess happen like
even I like the individual scenes for
sure though okay so even though it
wasn't your genre I still think it's a
fantastic movie for a genre okay you
just would have been happier watching
individual YouTube clips rather than no
I would I would watch the program
definitely and I think it's bad movie so
two things not my genre I'm about that
I'm here yeah I would feel the same way
about washing like the chick flick
though - this is not a good movie but
because of the truth oh that's nothing
we go so for me this is the second time
also that I watched it I did not like
the movie at all the first time I very
much focused in a lot of on a lot of the
goofiness I also was recommended this
movie by people who were focused on
elements that I do not care about in
films that were much more important to
them I was told that the fashion was
really cool and how they're all this is
all from my sister help and just it was
all like you know like oh it's so cool
look I don't care about that and that's
that element came off really snobby to
me and silly whereas like with James
Bond you know they were trying to place
a class where James Bond is coming up as
not just like classy as in like prim and
proper but classy isn't like suave like
if Daniel Craig sat down next to me in a
bar and certain point on his James
Bond's over like so what's your room
whereas this didn't have any of that
element - no there wasn't any like sex
appeal in it like they didn't and we
make an effort to do that they had one
sex scene at the end which has please
which was it exactly was very out of
place it just felt like this is the
because I really do look like a little
kid yeah what is he like this you see an
engineer for three or whatever we see
him like grow up and let change
throughout this movie so it's like root
for him really growing up yeah I really
it just seemed like it which I
understand like that's how every James
Bond movie and always in having sex with
whatever the girls needed they just felt
like the bloody that's it very gently in
that sense like I mean they did make a
lot of cool references to old drinks you
mean real national items and it's just
like I think they were trying to strip
away from everything else that you know
really what does it mean to be a
gentleman as they recognized in the
movie it's not about yeah it's like we
were really hardcore on that that
gentleman thing and then we went right
into legs like I know that's what to
show you he's not really what I'd like
to maybe is Apple gentleman now that's
what you get when you're gentlemen
maybe that's what's an FSM yet as a
movie Castle gentleman yeah and then
washroom justices shadows I had closed
the monitors and in your radio room and
then watch me undress right in the dress
okay so so there was that what I just
and also just the same and I did another
podcast I really important is I think
how you watch a movie very much affects
what you feel about the movie I know
that the time I watch movie there's a
lot of things going on and I was not
given the movie the proper attention
that it needed looking holliwell like if
I watch so in my head I mean I don't
know that would be a different
experience I did another podcast talking
about the difference of like your mental
preparedness for the movie know like as
whether you watching a movie theatre
versus watching all so when you're
watching it on your phone or you're
watching it on you know a ginormous TV
like comment and subscribe to hear
here's other dress oh you watch movie
Thanks
but yes that's the point is you know if
you're sitting texting or your phone
through 45 minutes movie and not really
paying attention um you know not giving
it the full you know you're goofing
around texting people you're not paying
attention to how cool one fight scene is
so advanced of the choreography because
you're like oh yeah they're punching
each other
oh yeah so I'm going to this you know
something so that's what I'm saying is I
don't think I gave the film proper
tension the person so this time I wanted
to make sure I made a point of you know
focusing on the film you know it's fine
to chitchat you know amongst us you know
make a few jokes or comments
but specifically related to the movie
sure and I think that with doing that I
was able to much better appreciate it
this time around I did actually do I do
enjoyed the spy genre to a degree I'm
able to ignore some of the
ridiculousness but at the same time I'm
not and so I go back and forth but I did
I actually enjoyed the movie a lot more
this time than I did the first time I
saw the time I hated the film the first
time I actually really did enjoy it
overall yeah well we'll get through the
individual elements of why but I
actually did think was much better at
this camera there's kind of like a
formula for spy movies like the opening
scene has to be in a distant far-off
place you can see the villain first not
the hero you know someone has to die and
then some affiliated person of the
heroes group has to show up and make an
entrance you know exposition exposition
exposition there's some sort of double
crossing double agent keen happen some
sort of plane is revealed for mass mass
extinction mass destruction you know and
sexy kind of a formula but to degree
this well which I will say that was why
I loved Bourne movies is they don't
follow that no no which you say no in
that manner that tells me you haven't
seen not even though at all shoot
so anyway I hate you all but I know you
have in each of them anyway
we pay no B's joining back in the pod
Colby apparently hasn't seen yeah Obie's
have said that you're going to have
anything bored Obie's watch the Bourne
films and he's five months over four
months to menuhim
I take the Gunners or they're making
about this the first three there I think
there's actually five again alum
identity range something supremacy so
the but anyway but the pain is that
there's I mean a lot of movies follow
formulas I mean you know you look at
because
in about you know every single chick
looketh girls would guy but guys a
douche which is so whisk i the new guy
comes in and really they're starting to
get together but then she does something
to upset new guy it's all missus and
then she's getting on the airplane and
then he's running to the airport sick
but i have to do it for love and the TSA
agents like go and then they meet and
they make out in the rain somehow in the
middle of the airport it's me you know
so that really realistic there's a
there's certain movies that definitely
follow a genre in spy movies are
certainly one of them i don't think that
that's necessarily a knock against them
it means to me what it means is when i'm
going into this movie i know i know what
to expect I don't expect you to surprise
me in that area I expect you to impress
me in other areas of the movie to make
it a good film overture so that's so
we've all set our initials on so now
we're going to serve breaking it down so
in terms of characters in terms of
acting in terms of all that stuff I
guess what did you guys think so let's
start out with the main character you
know Eggar on Egbert think well we're
gonna we're going to glance over this
really quick you never actually said who
the professor was it's Olivia amel oh
yeah so what was Mark Hamill be making
two-minute appearances in movies lately
yeah how how talk about making good
money for a shorter by the way I'm I
mean this is warming up for that 30
seconds and force awakens spoiler um but
no I just like after that yeah
I just I just feel like if I ever going
to beat Mark Hamill remember quite
anything that I can that's slightly
cylindrical and just go oh you're
starting to shake a hand like that and
do the same thing but it but stand in a
really awkward distance like really far
away and be like feelings feeling just
like a dirty diaper book so he's gonna
want like a good like 10 feet to get to
me to like grab it I just it makes me
sad I'm going real off the rails here
like Mark Hamill in Sowers farce away I
mean yeah yeah like he that's all
did and he made more money doing that
than I will ever make in my life
just by expanding his elbow and looking
at it doesn't even do that though would
you just turn around I don't need he
just no you do not make me feel better
it's a way in uh you know it's good and
then he goes oh so all is orlimar he
makes out much more poignant so sadly
because well I really wish at the end of
that when he when he turned around it
was like he more of Luke Skywalker in
the last Jedi can we continue
dude I just so it's just like he's got
such a small role in this movie and
Kings woman man Eggbert human and it's
just like and then he ends up getting a
head blown off in the movie you have a
play Wow you know they're just really
glass over Israel and I definitely
didn't recognize him he probably killed
her and yet he talked exactly like the
Joker come on British accent yeah I
guess his British accent look the Joker
okay - I liked your demo i mean i like i
liked it and i I've said this a million
times
he is by far the best in my opinion by
far but um but yes yes he plays the the
professor he was the reason I didn't
mention it was just it wasn't that
important to the block home but it was
cool
it's Mark Hamill and he's in a movie for
two minutes
yeah I just I've seen four minutes of
him in movies and collectively at four
hours of watching movies with him and it
was just he didn't like the flash - is
he really he plays like the toy maker or
something yeah he does a joker voice to
everything it's basically any universe
yeah no it's in the TV show but that's
one thing is it something is in the DCI
yeah so there's no Batman show so it
just makes sense
dropping them sort of not really well
the Joker isn't in it though don't ruin
it yet I don't know I haven't seen the
whole thing no see
you'll get there hey-oh so that's
character so I'm assuming you want to
start with C Inlet service you know and
there's a most get egg with IE we're
going on not obvious so so what do you
think of Eggs Benedict thanks Benedict
so that guy I learn
is the voice actor for the gorilla in
DreamWorks Singh which I thought was a
really really good movie so the guy I
just immediately recognized his voice
and he's got a really good singing voice
um I actually Peaks from New Zealand
I know strangely enough I don't think he
naturally has a vertex I think this is
more from south of the Equator um but I
thought I would I thought it was really
cool I mean I like that they made him
hardcore parkour and all that kind of
cool stuff but they explained why he had
that it didn't it he didn't just become
like this nobody and then also and had
these acrobatic talents he said that he
was Olympic bound gymnast in college or
they said he did yeah he was he was
looking at his he was in college I think
and then he went off to the Marines
yeah um but you know when Harry was
reviewing his case he's like oh you know
you could've went to the Olympics Curtin
so that's how he's leaping over
buildings and triple jumping walls like
a video game character like cuz freaking
assam zolani mom but I thought it was
cool you know and I thought his
character development was good you know
they kept him honorable and true
throughout the whole movie you know and
I'd like that they kind of I mean I
thought was kind of cool that they let
it his him inside slip a little at the
end and you know I'll be overly romantic
scene
but you know he doesn't shoot the dog he
helps out the other characters which is
it's Noble and generally she dodged
apparently that was really rock really
rock to shoot the dog but you know the
dog actually didn't die which is nice
they never actually loaded the gun so
they said it there and they said they
said at one points they're testing
limits but just because my argument in
that situation would be with because
there's a scene where he's getting
yelled at for not shooting the dog it
was like it was filled with blank like
almost like I was a you should have
known and then he's like um no cuz you
guys said that there was no more safety
hats and to me a blanket a gun as a
safety net so no but we're also told to
take care of the dog yeah yeah so like
to me like I'm home I want to be here
this dog like him turning the gun on the
guy to meet with much more a a noble act
like protecting the innocent rain than
it was
you just followers why
because I tell you exactly that I'm
giving you yours going to gunnin in the
first place though yeah it was like it
sure here's a show of authority which I
thought was by the way I guess I'm not
an expert on gun safety
however honey I will today that anyone
who does know gun safety would argue
that handing a gun to somebody as a
finger in attorney why only by a girl is
not just a trigger but a gun that has
two triggers on it one for a shotgun one
for a 9-millimeter handing it to them
that way is probably not the cases the
most you know guns sake but it looks
cool it does look cool it looks really
well take the average is less cool guys
maybe it's a super heavy tripper I don't
know so I guess no what did you think
though about our fruit our scrambled egg
I mean thank you young the main care
yeah yeah I thought he was good he had a
good character arc at first he was you
know he was very ungentlemanlike he
ended up being a little bit more
gentlemanlike at least um and he didn't
want to kill the dog because he had to
carry and everything I was there
yeah I agree I think that that was the
heard about him any point for him that
impressed me the most with not telling
about I was I was consistent seems his
character yeah sure um you know he he
just finally had the courage to stand up
to his like abusive stepdad in the end
they showed that scene yeah before even
he said he's in the taxi he said you
know put everyone else go outside you
know I'll kick your butt you know but at
the end he fought them all yeah at the
same time the exact same entered it and
that shows character girl yeah you know
before he was shocked he's like you know
sitting there with his glass and I was
really cool okay so slide save I am this
he's pretty simple character sorry
Jericho's kind of yeah I guess yeah he
is reasonable the one thing that was
required I mean like Oh his he's actor I
thought was pretty good too and it seems
like he could show a range of emotions
from yeah relatively straight
when he was swishing those glasses
around you know he said I'll look over
there and then he comes around and I saw
his poses slightly like officers like oh
he did something yeah we shot only love
to be the two things that I'll say is
the one is the only thing I have say
really about him it hasn't factor
himself if he suffers from some thing
that I've seen a few other actors suffer
from he is an extremely forgettable face
I met the guy I would have no idea that
he was main character in Kingsville
maybe a bad thing though there I mean
yeah um it just to me like I don't know
that I could place him so I mean that's
good in the bed because he's going to
has a benefit of not being typecasted
such as Mark Hamill what all we can
think of it's a group Skywalker and/or
the Joker like us all we could talk
about was that not like how good he was
as Professor er quite employment Arnold
complex of the name um like but all we
could talk about is that because more
camel all you see is like but you know
I'm still trade my face for a giddy
space so if I was given the option
another beautiful name
no they're saying I mean he said it like
it to me it's just kind of like white
noise and my blind white yeah he had a
cool arousing no one knew what he had a
he had like a scar through his eyebrow
see mmm yeah I was checking out him
Faceman I I am a bull we guess me to my
second parent which is the one thing I
guess I don't know how I feel about it
but I thought it was a worth noting is
there was no female character throughout
the whole film that he did express any
form of interest or until the very end
so from a the point that I'm making
though is that to pull it away from the
typical spy film is the fact that there
was not some
Earl we're spending half the film like
watching watching her get out of the
pool and Roxy the Lancelot character
yeah they show that they had like a
business relationship yeah it wasn't
like a romantic yeah and it might have
been but if they do it like like more of
a like a companionship to like help each
other throughout the trial right he'll
be famous and they're like internship
like the Kingsmen like yes yeah and to
make a point about her to the only
sexuality they ever referred to her with
was the fact that she needed to be
engaged in a lesbian interaction as
opposed to other when the woman I had
her second is like they broke through
healed a picture of who they're so scary
it's like working on that they just want
your pension it may have happen anything
cuz it was all during testing and their
white thing about yeah that's her job so
that something is but that was the
uninteresting I'm dating the only
sexuality they showed of her in the
whole film was her trying to yeah and
you know they won't have an issue with
it at all yes I know maybe not even
higher the trails or anything that was
so sweet or sexuality so that that was
the only me she literally was apart from
his mom
the only other female in the whole film
there will only would've owned the boat
man goes out and gets up there's one
other female I think in the waters yeah
bad thing because they said all you all
forgot that one element oh yeah there's
one that drones but I just went on to
work out what's on that film this felt
really quick aside there's a test and
I've mentioned the before another
podcast this film also unfortunately
sales up taps I can't remember the name
of it but it's the test that just you
have two female characters have one
sentence with each other that's not
about a man how many of them have oh I
know I know it just it's not any is not
about it I'm not commenting on it
because you know I we say anything about
it was sexist movie I'm just saying
that's what the tests were oh yeah
necessarily it has it is used for but
for my purposes to me it's just purely
an interesting thing to note in any
movie I watches
doesn't happen like just like it's like
a fun fact to tribal this I mean the
movie was called King man yeah so it
kind of stuff of stage manner Kings
Kings man we booked this up it has an a
n right
so don't undermine I don't know I don't
have the my computer in front of me but
I think it King me and so kind of set
the stage for knights of the round table
table wait a second doesn't see the girl
the Lancelot and the the other girls are
trying to move and then does the job
don't you have a line they they're lying
about only to introduce Eggert and what
they don't they don't mention in but
it's only sort of it live in a cage like
reality I think for that purpose it does
because it's tough out okay well it's
just sort of around well so future no I
want to avoid flamin comments we are all
under the opinion that there should be
more female female to female the female
of commentary that has not male more and
more male female abuse more female on
female that's what we're getting at at
this podcast well I know you think it's
right there alright does say hey you
should watch out for him to see you know
what that is but that is true I didn't
think about that you're right because
this was telling him when she is talking
to her she does talk for a little bit
about Alex every man on the landing
right now I really hope or not both of
you are I don't think we are okay so
we're going to move on from that one so
anyway so I mean just the only thing I
really didn't like about the main
character I just named I'm sorry I'm so
stupid I can take a better look hydrated
like hey like at one point you're like
hi my name is Gary but everybody called
me called the egg cuz when I was two I
only ate a boom okay but egg me the
whole time we're like look is this some
British saying that we don't know about
or is it some like I wish there was a
moment of explanation because at one
point he go heads for the he was Gary
I mean Agassi so he realized like Oh his
name is not like something
the British name that not have also
heard of like Benedict Cumberbatch um
it's like an actual that I'm excited
about yeah I think I had that interview
so let's just what I mean is like I just
met the one character why I don't care
if it from the comic book or that's from
whatever this is someone done up
yeah yeah the name but let's put it this
way and they make it they do make a joke
about this a little bit but James bomb
Jason Bourne Jack Bauer
those are Jack Reacher all those are
solid Jemaine
I mean later yes that's always like
jelly bean come on JB yeah a jelly bean
the greatest secret agent of all good
one you've never heard of exactly I mean
like even though I I do think it's a bad
thing about James why are you and your
big himself everybody as his first names
I am James Bond I'm a secret agent
but when he says the line my name is
bond James Bond I guess got so much like
power behind as opposed to babe eggsy
like hi you're secretly your secret
agent would you welcome to someone and
say your name though I mean I be awesome
hi I'm eggs Ian now you know but my
point is that from the practicality
point is from a cinematography
standpoint that's just like like
everybody isn't good like community
completely net see that website yeah you
can buy weird things on so that's my
only problem with the main characters is
egg so if you just get so distracted by
the name of the character you really
can't intentionally for the for
developers five minutes I couldn't
that's all I could think about with
eggsy
really a scrambled your brain exactly
all I can think about is egg jokes
so apart from anger uh what shall of a
lot of them sorry it was a good one
thanks I don't like to yoke around
eventually do another ah no so I guess
other characters what so just warrior
pit I guess I been
most important one to talk about would
be our big bad guy which we did can I
Tyson about Mike Tyson what did
everybody think moment what's the name
is like he's also a TV show host to get
the split tooth why am I forgetting this
he's with something in Kelly the talk
show host that you've got the litigants
no the new one well I don't I don't look
this up
carry on so there's a my wife is named
Valentine yeah hi I'm Kristin I thought
I was watching a music recording isn't
it dance I what I mean though that I was
late is a is definitely a spy homage in
the sense that like dr. and low
finger why everybody had like really
long again we can create a sure we can
examine will see you tomorrow Michael
Strahan right oh man you just not like
you sound like Michaels fan this is this
oh the Hat yeah really we have looked at
yeah we got that weird so maybe that was
again kind of that Americanization
another Americans am sure know what they
were an optic girl trying to make fun of
Americans I think was just part of a
quirky villain thing I know I like
merican saying like what Ben said is
like a side effect because usually it's
a pretty strong I like that they I do
like that they outlined a very like
realistic negative quality which is like
he's just queasy around blood it's funny
to think of a villain it kind of makes
him feel a little more innocent it was
very like true to like a like a sighs
film like a quirky villain thing like a
that they could have left just that
innocence he's like the list thing I
don't know why I did it I especially
because he didn't hold a set throughout
the entire day I was born
that was like her job for Samuel Jackson
like not like doing a good job on that
was really awkward for me I wanted to
see like snakes on a plane Samuel into
action like I feel a bit more to what I
felt like with Samuel or like an
apparent Ino movie dude no no she
actually was almost pee reading Samuel
Jackson in verse Samuel Jackson because
we always see we take a singer Jackson
as Nick Fury we think of as mace windu
we think of him from
it takes on a point we think of any from
uh you know waiting column quantity of
all fiction cultures you know we think
of him saying like just other Sutter
like if you're sending him
there David like being really intense
but the first shot you see us cutters
here he stutters he's really they make
him look tall but to me it's not look
like only he looks weak he looking
gangly she looks small
his partner does everything for me even
gives him the glass we even know I can
read didn't you say that yeah not saying
that that has anything to do with it but
like there again they just yeah I
supposed to be a nerdy guy attacking
area stress that Icelandic would like
even or didn't going with learning you
think about it he's in Jurassic Park the
original Jurassic Park he's supposed to
be nerdy he still looks like a big full
black man that you know in a security
head go look be like but he's a security
he's not supposed to I do what you're
saying I'm just saying it's like that's
what I mean it's like to me he was
almost like a parody of his other cases
like that parody but like a anti of his
other yeah and playing Valentine is
Samuel Jackson playing as samuel
l.jackson Butley but like how the
credits should be yeah I guess like he
was he definitely wasn't playing his
normal Samuel Jackson so they just I
thought that that was linking she's like
so like in the sense like you know both
the King Arthur he is this same
character and every no he's in again for
getting this guy's name but you know I
just looked at it it's like Homme um
what's his name is written guys Michael
King like a hey Michael Caine is always
the same care know he's Michael Caine
always an old third gentleman who's
always like a caring wife or the years
yeah you know yeah quick rolling
caretaker always someone who's caring
for someone on this ship he's always
gonna sword maybe because yeah he always
is Elsa so she's always out pretty funny
this meeting this movie was equal
outraged what do you know
yeah so I told the guy to shoot the dog
and that's when I was first like oh yeah
I just I just would have lost it and
he's like he's like now shoot the dog
and it turns around his family so bad
cause I'm like duh where is she check
out my other remember about about Marco
it's funny cuz Alfred is Alfred in this
movie but Samuel Jackson is not Samuel J
in this movie there shouldn't be
anything greater from which I guess then
the next biggest because we can hit on
the three of the four the next biggest
would be Harry and Harry to me with the
exact same actor that he always is
always the he's always a ginger he's
always suave he's over good class when
he played the King of England in the
King's Speech like he just always comes
off like that yeah but both characters
send exception like being a gentleman
you know the opposite of that would be
murdering all those people around you
know and then the opposite of the week's
character with him shooting him shooting
Harry in the face I had a saying a cool
line it was very thin y'all Jackson yeah
yeah that's true I just wish she would
have ended it with what did
these guy you know like well because
that was cool though because at the end
when Samuel Jackson dies hey like you
know you see Eggbert or whoever's name
is you basically he says some line and
seems like perfect
like yourself commenting on it I would
they die cool I'm for me yeah I thought
I'd like Terry he was probably my
favorite character hmm like Harry's hair
perfectly coifed I'll fly remember of
him I don't know when something is
quashed reverses some
other formal style dominated gel no
quasi thing just refers to the idea that
being rolled over so my hair we could
cloth yeah that's like soft and no this
is awesome important you want to voice
is love this is called hair spoiler
alerts where we just got the hair of
every movie that's a good idea yeah so
write it down okay
any other characters you guys are either
comment on what about Giselle not
Giselle I'm good though to Valga vel
whatever get a rap with rap so on are
are Geronimo are trans tubular MPT with
this switchblades her legs extra
attachment okay
Corrine Lee racially ambiguous yes no
she how I don't worry was how she she
said anything I want to learn like the
lie she's so cool I forget
well it's like a job from James Bond you
had the Hat they give me and then a guy
with JA metal T said jobs cut through a
cable yeah yeah so I don't know I I took
a little bit of a medical professional I
take issue with someone no but okay and
the opening scene when she like backflip
slices that guy in half exactly course
you'd have to apply to cleave someone
from head another it wouldn't happen and
it wouldn't happen cleanly and the guy
would have bled profusely head and hit
done and it is what a white type of
white tile there's no blood smears and
only like how is that too graphic for
you guys this fire you clean him how did
she have because she had the white
collar Bravo sir she rose wanna listen
so she's like a female prepare to go on
future people are dying down sirs hold
on I'm gonna get a towel well he can
fend now I'm sure she's it's no I just I
don't know I thought it was funny like
she kept like razor blades for legs
which she had the right amount of towels
including actress including enough for
the guy who's wooden handles I'm gonna
did she have one for hearing up very
well is it
she did so I just mean is like I guess
that maybe she's just got really good
foresight will she know how many guards
emergency she's coming I just knew that
they're all a really shitty guard and
she's like they're all going to dot like
it could be a two-year-old with a gun
they're all going to dog so I'm going to
bring enough towels for them and then
I'll kill him what well I just like to
fight seemed a teacher and eggsy have at
the end and you know they're both like
flying for each other about the falcon
punch each other he pulled his punch and
yes slices her in the arm with him yeah
he sort of like and when Polly like sort
of we pull this much back which he had a
kick which yeah the nice and the shoe is
from James Bond oh yeah well they also
mention the phone in issue which I
thought was from what said it's not if
I'm a serious spy movie kid smart oh we
had the phone in jail that's funny I
thought it was from that but it's time I
did something else I'm thinking I kind
of want to they know extrapolating but
she was like basically doing like some
like almost like Brazilian style
fighting at the end like she was doing
like breakdancing hangout lighting she's
just constantly spinning and flipping
her legs and she remind me of a video
game character eddie gordo putting new
tekken fans out there like literally
just whipping her feet around always
breakdancing spinning right that's how i
like to fight people to I hope it's a
beginning it showed how strong she was
you know you show the guy taking out
everyone in the room the secret agent
died was it Lancelot I think it was
about what don't lay thought that we all
danced a lot okay and then you know
chosen taking her everyone
yeah like easily he has a glass in his
hand is there you know or casually she
does the exact same thing to him yeah so
just shows that she's a really strong
villain yeah take out not anyone at
school did she say why she did yeah she
did she had a few times
oh yeah she says you have not yet like
he yes cuz I'm Jewish but you stay here
yeah and she had like said something
like you got to see this and I remember
at one point she's like says something
like all of you stay here or whatever so
okay well it's like a Valentine was like
you know there are they all dead yet you
know they're all dead yes she's like no
not yet each still alive you gotta come
over here and see that yeah yes yeah and
then like I remember at one point like
the one thing I did notice which they
never they didn't do anything else that
actually really makes you think this was
um like at one point like Valentine's
slacks are on the ball and like if you
kind of like Diggle what it's to infer
that the head like oh yeah it just what
that was you know I just don't really
like they only did that one see maybe
maybe that's like the the office joked
you know like when you're a billionaire
you can just sexually harass your you
know that way assassin that we don't
condone special right so then just put
the same thing over so okay because we
got to rather were approaching two hours
so let's uh let's kind of fire through
the next couple things so I think we all
kind of touched on a little bit but the
sound I thought was really good I really
liked the music choice in this movie it
it's definitely you know it's been
watching a few movies and TV shows and
we've noticed that the music choices
just garbage and a few of them and I
think this one was really really good
yeah they synchronized the music with
the flames I thought yeah like I mean
there's not only a synchronized me group
they made the music I like ironically
very classy yeah it was very
there was a Frank Sinatra song at one
point you know it I understand that
added to the elements for me because you
know and this should that calm
celebration music well I was getting
watered exactly yeah so it was just kind
of had this cool element of like it was
like a contrasting element to it you
know that it wasn't just as epic action
mood music it was it was very controlled
and contained which I thought was very
very well done and so and under the the
plot we've all kind of touched on it
both exact we're talking about how it is
a very formulaic I guess what did you
guys think though in just in general
about the plot and as well as the
plausibility that the plot was based in
for the whole film well it's times of
plausibility goes like you said there's
a few things that probably would not
have happened in their life whereas the
spinal he goes it was exactly what I
need he and I thought it was perfect for
the movie you know in terms of like the
plot being this well I just I mean like
I did you just feel a lot of the plot it
as
like I mean just with where they want
the ball did you think it was too silly
did you think it was I know you pretty
that
okay yeah alright so and then also we
watch right before we did this whole
thing we watched the trailer for the
next film and I guess just what are you
guys disappears I know that was a few
hours ago now the baby blue jersey that
better not be the ending movie trailer
setting the scene for the next next
movie yeah a preview within a preview
yeah what if it's so like I mean we
would show you it blow up right at the
beginning what really cannot right no no
it wasn't right at the beginning and
then it's like four weeks early also the
10-minute you're in very very with him
very end in a film and you realize
everyone he's ever loved like his sister
his mom his dog girl hidden husband not
the dog suit that he got they're all in
the big his name or song no so I'm I
thought what that was it obviously isn't
seen that as a spoiler this is in the
movie and I seen as a very direct like
this is what's going to happen expect
this to happen we're going to give you
more to work with you know so I want to
know if they discuss how we still have
died in the last movie then and we just
launched but we discuss how do you feel
really good dog yeah or if they're just
going to like away or like well they
babble information so Paulo like that I
shy like yeah my I'm sorry cuz they're
like home base exploding like why is
that important well I want to know how
many people died last time there's
something fine to be said that like the
phones are going to be the downfall of
society with all the snow being is
literally well in a relative anyways um
you know never trust free sand clumps I
don't
and then that memory wasn't that long
ago but I was like send cards like SIM
cards are so 2005
comics I may be doing a comic book yeah
they do but it just feels yeah right if
you're like an outdated technology I'll
try to unit we don't even know long ago
these the I mean you know the rule is
you know if if you're not the paying
customer you like if you're not paying
for the product you are the product so
that's you know you're getting the rule
is if you were getting these rules from
look for free to internet Facebook and
your that pays you don't pay for
Facebook yeah
so Facebook uses every bit of data that
you use to sell to people I get may
conspiracy there is about to the world
there's something very similar happens
this interview magazine is actually the
same where someone gets everyone gets
free stuff really backfires mail end up
killing each other working I thought
they said oh it's exactly to thing I
thought it was I thought they liked no
copy did the trailers from the same it's
a st. I definitely think the plot was a
for the free zone was definitely not
super was they were original
it wasn't anything grumbling I just
can't imagine you being able to talk on
these people on to get an implant is a
free when I'm not nagging you be will
topping and yah
apprently don't I read a free cayenne
point soap again no they didn't
intervene not even close like let you
marry not bragging a few dominating all
of these had people these VIP whoa what
that they may if it it'll protect you
against the only mine please not me I
guess I they tell you protection videos
best that's gonna exactly they know what
exactly's can I don't know i know that
trap like something I shot some leather
other early jail cells not a medical
issue I really didn't like where they
put the implant there's a lot of metal
little nerves and arterial supply the
water it was just rounded a skin to show
you that ya know like Nick an artery I
just don't understand how a little
microchip will make your head explode
the head a relatively thick
he said yeah she's every soft tissue I
look like I know what it's run on the
outside it like burn I also am logistics
it wouldn't explode it burn I know
that's why I was really
amazing awesome I remember details of
traps one in half with your leg sick you
can put in a lighter as a grenade and
well later so there's also some poison
that you immediately green there's a
poison that can be electronically
activated I am a lot of issues with that
mother anyway so back to the trailer
then in the next film the one other
thing there was a note was that we see
that Harry somehow survived a gunshot to
the eye and Morgan a bad paper cut and
maybe got actually shot somewhere else
you don't know possibly possibly when
you don't look at the person you're
shooting it's hard to hit the target he
was looking and then he turned away yeah
he looked but I thing is you killed the
gun out one and maybe when he did that
maybe Harry serene ternary and it grazed
his eye we didn't hear anything yeah or
maybe that's not of Harry's and Max or
shot giraffe girls yeah didn't like
really look at him yeah Jill II really
don't really make sure you're good yeah
you didn't like is he dead Jan is
determine that apparently in this
universe nobody believes so maybe she's
like yeah yes cept when there's me no no
big up they pop up in the color it's
true you guys remember there's all the
dead bodies outside it's a collar run
when he was sewing girls are going to
princess having those young know what
everywhere conservators there's like a
blood pump but yeah it was a puff it
wasn't like I dunno practically how they
were all wearing white there was no
blood on any of these white soldiers
outfit that's true so long story short
we want better names we want more blood
yes and we want to know why Larry's I
don't care about blood mark you want
more color on yeah yeah so I was like
that sound effect though yeah every
single one all right so to kind of wrap
up we're going to go into the you know
your rating so we're going to explain
the ratings everyone can understand
so I rate on a scale of one to ten but
the tipping point is a six or a seven
and the reason is anything above a seven
is something that you definitely would
watch again anything below a six is
something that like you might but you're
not going to like you know go get the
DVD and watch it
so no we'll go we'll go from so seven is
like he'd watch it again it was a good
film so typically what I do is I do a
face up the tracks rating so we'll put
up on track because I think track does a
really good job of describing so it
makes to me it makes it easier if you
think about the word than it is to think
about it as a thing so give me more it
anytime yeah it's been the word is a
movie spoiler channel my channel hey he
started off question I remember I'm
going to end with this and really
everyone really likes my transition
while waiting for me for it to load well
I got my score so a seven is a good so
so you'd say like this is a good film I
definitely watch this again eight is a
great film in a sense that you would be
like yes you know what I like this no I
really think it's actually a good
example what good movies as good
cinematography it's got the plot water
nine is like this is an excellent movie
it's I mean this is this is one of the
best movie doesn't need to be said
louder it's a chicken salad yeah I'm
sure the place it mixes and then the the
last would be a ten which is totally
ninja in the sense that like you're just
like this is so awesome
I could talk for hours about this I'm
going to get something to read I'm gonna
get to go to McDonald to get the kids
toys like ge ge would be I mean they're
my have on you what what does it say
so it six is a let me I'm trying to get
to that part where we actually have like
a qualifier so these numbers yes how
does it happen
yeah in the movie all I remember rocket
I got what you were definite
what special sauce are they referring
okay there we go my mom literally Big
Mac did the cream clause no I think
they're talking about a big man I said
there was doesn't react and he said
meaning off I then nobody saw secret
sauce is Big Mac sauce
yeah just Thousand Island right I
interesting to mention what he came out
twice and yeah when I'm gonna
interpreter I have heard it called
secrets all I don't Senate so a six is
fair so to me a fair is like it's good
it was on TV again i watch it my ones be
upset but I'm never going to like
putting on the five is meant like if
somebody put it like if I was somewhere
and someone else put it on I whatever
like I might watch it I'll probably have
my phone out the whole time then we took
it into the bathroom so or is poor where
is like three is mean to is you huh
so four is more like as in a sense like
you know like I if somebody else put it
on I kinda would be a little like three
is bad like this is a bad movie I'd
actually kind of be a little upset with
you put this on like we're probably not
friending
to is terrible where it's like this is a
garbage film and one is weak sauce for
anything and that's like this whole film
is garbage and all you can think about
how much you hate every moment of this
film like movies there is zero
I know Lexus movie I see one is the logo
that's weak sauce so a weak sauce of the
lowest totally ninja advice so why
ninjas them Ryan is so special I know in
the camera that way deficient I feel
like I was a TV show listen to teacher
examine it sounds like a Pauline Jersey
reach otherwise
angry no I think it right there despise
this one yes okay so we're on we're
going to go in reverse direction so Alex
on scale one to ten with my goofy scale
I know this is tough for me if you want
to look at the scale you know I think I
have to go with the seminal I read a lot
of movie seven because it's good like
will be lasting pretty easily
good is a good feature like I don't do
that word a lot
let it go for me like like I said it's a
good movie horror genre and so I don't
feel like I could go any lower than that
for its it it's good I wouldn't say like
don't watch it good I'm doing do you
know what a bolito e99
Wow yeah I would not buy action figure
something is not Tobin injustice is it
everything like a movie you'd say like
if people are saying like what are some
the greatest films of all time you taste
the greatest but you say it's like close
to the greats close definitely all right
then Zack I wanted people or the seven
oven um seven not a whole kind of for
the same reason you know I give a very
intense it was good but if you asked me
to talk about any of the elements I'm
going to have more to say that's either
going to raise that score or lower it so
if he asked me to tell him about like
the plot I'd be like 6vf an about the
action I'll say like an eight because I
thought that was really clever some of
the Justice style that they shot that
movie and so you know I just kind of I'm
going to err cautious thing just say f7
yeah see for me I probably like a
six-and-a-half ish which I know well
it's gotta be you need the number right
yeah which I guess they tend to round it
up I'd say a something looks like a like
a he blow of a seven like it's just
scooted in because like it can enjoy
that's how you're treated like people
that like when we need to talk about our
friends like you again let me just stop
gently but there are any big white I'll
show you then three seven Oh perfect
which is the real reason is because like
for comparison like I have like I would
say like broke one is an eight and
there's so many more things I can talk
about would end on ain't n for me is
like interstellar it's like I've got I
got a list and it's not that long when
it comes to the time but so that's why I
couldn't put like that high up and like
if I was there's definitely some Bond
films that I think are better than this
like Casino Royale that I can say
rank is like an eight and I don't even
think it's close to getting around but I
definitely liked it I definitely would
probably watch it again whether I would
actually put it on or if it'd just be
like something that popped up on TV
would be why I put it on but like I
definitely liked it I liked the
characters a lot more watching a second
time around and I would be interested in
seeing the next film however I'm not
like as excited enough where I'm like I
have to go day one to be in line for the
movie whereas like rogue one even though
it was really late at night I gotta go
home and watch you all so just for like
a comparison which is like that was the
one that I ranked one higher I didn't
get that feeling from this movie I'll
just say like I don't feel necessarily
compelled to watch it a second time with
the effort of gaining more from it I
feel like I've gained everything I could
from it and I'm just one of those people
I rarely rewatched movies anyways um you
know anything probably above a beat
would probably be something I would
really watch moving on but this one I
feel like I could the moment I turn on
be like oh yeah this this this this this
and this happens you know I can kind of
paint the picture just as easily as I
could the other time all right
any final comments otherwise we're going
to arrive at them because it's getting
very late first war child named eggsy
absolutely gonna be the most popular
name of 2019 yeah absolutely
alright so with that thank you for
watching and you know remember to Like
favorite subscribe it really helps us
out and check out the other spoilers
that we got on our channel we've just
recently hit a thousands or over a
thousand we're up to 1025 left a left
and almost at a quarter million views so
that's all very exciting and yeah thanks
guys
[Music]